Readme.md, before:

# 🚀 Pocketspire - a Pocketbase Container for .NET Aspire 🌟

Easily build and run a [Pocketbase](https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase) Docker Linux container within your [.NET Aspire](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/dotnet-aspire?view=aspnetcore-9.0) projects.

## 🎉 Getting Started

This uses a configurable Dockerfile mentioned in the [Pocketbase docs](https://pocketbase.io/docs/going-to-production/#using-docker).

### ✅ Prerequisites
- .NET 9 SDK
- Container image builder for Dockerfiles

### 📦 Installation

Pocketspire on [nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Pocketspire)

Add the NuGet package and then the extension method to your `AppHost`:

```csharp
using Pocketspire;

var builder = DistributedApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

var pocketbase = builder.AddPocketbaseContainer("pb");

// ...
```

### Parameters

- **name**: The name of the instance. Appends to the name like: "pocketbase-{name}".
- **arm64cpu** (optional): Use an ARM64 CPU. Default is `false`.
- **exposedPort** (optional): The port to be exposed. Default is `null`.
- **pocketbaseVersion** (optional): The version of PocketBase to use. Default is `"0.24.1"`.

### Find your app in the dashboard!
![Dashboard](image.png)

### Grab your setup link from the console (first-time use)!
![Setup Link](image-1.png)

Commit message:

Feat/add superuser envvar (#1)
* Add superuser env var args

* Add custom setup/run script with setting superuser

* Update readme

* Switch to build args but that isn't much better. Added docs for setting SU in code as dev only for now.

Readme.md, after:

# 🚀 Pocketspire - a Pocketbase Container for .NET Aspire 🌟

Easily build and run a [Pocketbase](https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase) Docker Linux container within your [.NET Aspire](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/dotnet-aspire?view=aspnetcore-9.0) projects.

## 🎉 Getting Started

This uses a configurable Dockerfile mentioned in the [Pocketbase docs](https://pocketbase.io/docs/going-to-production/#using-docker).

### ✅ Prerequisites
- .NET 9 SDK
- Container image builder for Dockerfiles

### 📦 Installation

Pocketspire on [nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Pocketspire)

Add the NuGet package and then the extension method to your `AppHost`:

```csharp
using Pocketspire;

var builder = DistributedApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

var pocketbase = builder.AddPocketbaseContainer("pb");

// ...
```

### Parameters
> Superuser credentials are required for initial setup but a link will also generate in the console for use during first-time setup. See the [pocketbase docs](https://pocketbase.io/docs) for more details.

- **name**: The name of the instance. Appends to the name like: "pocketbase-{name}".
- **superUserEmail**: The email for the super user.
- **superUserPassword**: The password for the super user.
- **arm64cpu** (optional): Use an ARM64 CPU. Default is `false`.
- **exposedPort** (optional): The port to be exposed. Default is `null`.
- **pocketbaseVersion** (optional): The version of PocketBase to use. Default is `"0.24.1"`.

### Find your app in the dashboard!
![Dashboard](image.png)

### Grab your setup link from the console (first-time use)!
![Setup Link](image-1.png)
